This land is your land
This land is my land
From California
To the New York island
From the redwood forest
To the Gulf Stream waters
This land was made for you and me
As I went walking
That ribbon of highway
I saw above me
That endless skyway
I saw below me
That golden valley
This land was made for you and me
I've roamed and rambled
And I followed my footsteps
To the sparkling sands of
Her diamond deserts
And all around me
A voice was sounding
This land was made for you and me
There was a big high wall there
That tried to stop me
The sign was painted
It said "Private Property"
But on the back side
It didn't say nothing
This land was made for you and me
When the sun comes shining
Then I was strolling
And the wheat fields waving
And the dust clouds rolling
A voice was chanting
As the fog was lifting
This land was made for you and me
This land is your land
This land is my land
From California
To the New York island
From the redwood forest
To the Gulf Stream waters
This land was made for you and me